Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hansel minutes. And today I'm
talking with Rachel neighbors. How
are you? I'm doing great.
How about you, Scott? I
am lovely. And I'm happy
to talk to you. The
last time we did a
podcast was about three years
ago. Oh my gosh. Yeah,
you were doing a CSS
consulting and you were speaking
all over the world and
the web was a different
web. I think it was
a little bit of a
different web three, four, three
or four years ago. And
I'm looking@yourblogunderrachelnabors.com slash about at
all your interviews and your
workshops and your conference schedule.
You're doing a lot of
really fun stuff. I sure
am. Although now I am
stepping back into more of
a making things roll again,
which pleases me greatly. Yeah,
absolutely. I think we all
feel better when we're making
stuff. And then we kind
of go back and forth
between making stuff and talking
about stuff and making stuff
and talking about stuff. It's
true. You have to have
something to talk about otherwise.
What are you doing up
there? And back in the
day three, it was three
years ago. We talked, but
you've been doing a web
for many, many, many years.
You had a thought about
a book and then this
book is now out here
in 2017. And you wrote
this article about it on
your site animation at work,
and you call the article,
the web animation book. I
wish I'd had five years
ago. It's yours. You've written
a book. Congratulations. Thank you
so much, Scott. It's been
a lifelong dream of mine
to write a book, especially
with my favorite publisher, a
book apart it's like, these
are the books that I
grew up on. So it,
it just thrills me utterly
to finally have published with
the B publisher whose books
helped me through my very
first foray into front end
development. Yeah, that's fantastic. If
you go to animation at
work, you'll get linked eventually
over to a book apart.com.
There's all kinds of great
books there. They call the
website brief books for people
who make websites and your
book is there. And of
course you've also been so
kind as to make a
coupon for people who are
listening to the show. Yes,
you can get 10% off
with Hansel. That's all caps,
H a N S C
L named for our good
host here, you can get
10% off the book. And
if you decide you would
like to take some awesome
courses on say CSS, animations,
and transitions, or how to
put a practical cartooning skills
to work in your daily
communications. You can get 10%
off with that same H
a N S E L
coupon code@coursesdotrachelnabors.com. That's pretty fantastic.
And the course, particularly on
CSS, animation has a lot
of stuff going on. It's,
you know, lots and lots
of videos and practical understanding
about how CSS animation sequencings
performance, all those things fit
together into an effective animation.
I like to say that
it's the perfect partner to
the book. The book is
all about the theory and
the how well not the,
how the book is all
about the theory, how the
human brain processes animations, Oh,
visual input period. And when
it's appropriate to use them
in your web and web
app designs, or actually I
know some people who've been
putting these lessons to work
in their app development and
even their slide deck development.
So it turns out what
I wrote was actually a
lot more useful than I
anticipated. There's even great stuff
in here about how to
normalize animations across the systems
so that you can incorporate
them into your style guides
and design systems. One of
the things that I was
impressed about, and I know
that this is a thing
that a book apart cares
about and that you care
about is that the book
is very affordable. It's an
$8 ebook, but it's still
got a lot of detail.
Was it hard to decide
to do it? Any book
that was that inexpensive, as
opposed to like a $50
giant, like the web animation
Bible smack. So glad you
asked me that, because originally
when I was like, I'm
going to write a book,
it is about everything I
have ever known about animation
and extra research included. And
that was the book that
I pitched. I pitched to
pick apart. He was like,
I want to write the
tome. And they came back
in. They're like, not for
us, sorry, but if you'd
like to know why we're
happy to talk with you.
And of course I was
all heartbroken and know my
submission, it was rejected. Why
would they do that? But
anytime people give you a
negative reaction or the reaction
you don't want, that is
an opportunity to learn something.
So they were offering to
talk to me, you know,
spend their time on me
for free to tell me
something about why they'd made
a decision. And I was
like, I got to get
in on that. So I
was like, tell me, I
want to hear what it
was about this, that, that
wasn't floating your boat. They
might help me make this
an even better submission package
for another publisher or might
help me write it and
self publish it even better.
So I reached out to
them and we had a
long conversation. It turns out
all of their issues with
the book were actually my
issues too, because by the
time I had finished writing
the submission package, I was
like, maybe I don't want
to write the big book
of animation because there's still
so much undiscovered out there.
There's so much research that
needs to be done. There's
still many people who are
going to accomplish great things.
And you're going to have
great things to say, who
am I to come in
and be like, I have
all the answers, right, right
now that would be a
little premature. In fact, I've
even seen some folks who
end up in an industry
being set up as an
expert. They make big claims
early. And then later on,
we learned better, but their
claims are still held up
because they were put out
there first. So misinformation can
have a lasting lasting effect
in the community. And I
really didn't want to add
to that. I wanted to
make sure that I was
actually covering what we know
now, what I'd learned from
working in this field for
five years and set the
stage for us to move
on to two other greater
things down the line. One
of the other things that
I like about the book
is that it's not necessarily
just a list of CSS,
properties and stuff. Although it
does talk to you about
like the anime and the
anatomy, rather the web animation,
you talk about easing and
duration and things like that.
But you talk about like
why we do animation in
the first place and like,
why does the brain work
the way it works? And
you talk about something interesting
that I had never heard
of change blindness. Oh yeah.
So when you change, blindness
often happens to those of
us who work at computers
because we are staring at
this one focal point for
so long that things can
be happening left or right.
And we might not actually
notice that they're occurring. You
know, if you've ever had
your, your spouse or someone
have to wave their hand
in front of your face
while you've been working, probably
because you didn't notice them
out of the corner of
your eye, people can become
changed blind. They don't notice
when something is moving or
changing in their peripheral vision.
So you have to, you
have to catch their attention
often by increasing something's animacy
or how alive it appears.
So if someone's staring at
a, at a screen and
you want them to look
in a bucket or at
an icon or something, you
might shake that icon or
cause it to expand and
contract kind of pop them
out of that, that, that
tunnel vision and attract their
attention over to something else.
We've seen this a lot
with those horrible shaky ads
from back in the nineties,
We'll get as much of
the nineties as possible, including
most of the animations that
were written in flash in
the nineties. So I'm going
to have to, I'm going
to have to apologize for
that one. It's okay. I
think we were all scarred
by those. It was a
difficult, difficult time for all
of us. I'm afraid, But
you got to say like
the flash developers, even though
flash is dead, I keep
meeting them running really wonderful
interaction agencies around the world.
So I hope that their,
their spirit and their cleverness
transforms in different locations throughout
the industry. Yep, exactly. I
think that we all learned
how to animate on the
web because of flash and
what they called future wave
or future splash before it,
like, without, you know, the,
the, the, the dream weavers
and the future splashes, we
would never have animated anything.
It would all just be
a big, giant hypertext book.
Absolutely. And I don't know
about you, but this is
the internet. When I was
growing up, I, it was
not pitched to me as
glorified microfiche. It was supposed
to like the conduit of
human interaction. And there's so
much more to human interaction
than just text. Yeah. The,
the one thing I was
interested in understanding is how
you think animation is going
to go forward in, on
the web, given that the
things you were doing three
or four years ago were
kind of like poly filled.
I mean, maybe I'm using
the wrong terms. Like you
were doing things with animation
when there weren't necessarily standards
for them. And now people
are talking about those standards.
You've worked on some of
those standards. Yes, I have.
Are they simply allowing us
to do things that we
could do three years ago,
except in less markup, like,
like, or are we still
doing the same things we
did in flash, except now
it's one property instead of
an entire flash? Well, that's
interesting that you should ask
about that. So partly, yes,
some of the stuff is
no longer. Polyfill older behind
a vendor prefixes and we've
advanced in that regard. But
in the other, on the
other hand, some things have
become more popular. For instance,
most front end developers or
designers who want to build
interactions, not just like animations,
but actual, like anything from
making an icon change, creating
an interactive of visual data
visualization, or, you know, making
a really cute kind of
almost like a flash video
using CSS and JavaScript. There
are libraries that are kind
of now industry standards like
grain sock is one of
them. It's a, it's a
tweening library that was written
in action script rewritten in
Java script. And it's the
most popular animation library on
the web now, top 20
JavaScript errors. Yeah, really. So
we've seen a, well, it's
a blinding amount of change
in this space over the
past three years. I think
at one point I wrote
an article on a list
of part where I said
that we're going to see
that prototyping software that invests
in animation is going to
compete better than prototyping software.
That doesn't, I was speaking
specifically about the web, but
this also applies to app
development. And it's true. Those,
those prototyping companies that didn't
get a good animation workflow
nailed down. They weren't able
to also grab the app
development market as well. And
even, even juggernauts, like envisioned
quickly dotted and, and bought
out people who were building
animation tools online and added
them into their stables so
that they could provide that
feature. Anyone who didn't do
that just isn't even competing
right now. Really? Yeah. Motion
design is a big part
of making fully integrated, smoothly
flowing experiences. You don't really
have a touch strategy without
emotion design on your staff
right now. Do you think
that if we make motion
animations available in like single
properties and simple things like
that, they'll just be abused.
Like if you basically, if
you give me those tools,
I'm just going to mess
it up. It's funny you
should that, because that would
Be like me saying, well,
if I give you more
fonts, why don't you just
change every font on the
page and make it ugly?
And yeah, that, that could
happen. And ultimately it all
turns into comic Sans, But
eventually people, people, Hmm. Let's
put it this way. If
you were doing that, you
wouldn't be building anything anyone
would want to use. So
no one will see it
does a tree falling in
the woods really make a
noise. Does a poorly designed
experience ever really get seen
by anybody. So I'm not
worried at all that people
are going to abuse it
because if they do, no
one will use it. Okay.
Okay. I can see that.
I can see that. I
know that I'm going to
mess it up the ultimate,
But I will say there
are some best practices. There
are some things that people
can do to not horribly
horribly ruin their users' experience.
For instance, in the CSS
world, we have this new
thing that the Apple people
proposed, the good folks working
on WebKit, it's a reduced
motion, prefers reus, reduced motion
media query. Now it's nonstandard
it. It's it's been proposed,
but it's not been implemented
by every browser everywhere. Right
now. It's, it's definitely Safari
only. But basically what it
does is if the user
has gone into their, their
preferences and selected, you know,
reduce motion, then this media
query will respect it. It
means that you can dump
all of your CSS animations
to be under that media
query so that people who
suffer from vestibular disorders won't
have to suffer through your
animations. It also offers a
couple of other benefits. Like
you can loop into that
with Java script and only
conditionally load a parallax library
and all of its triggers.
If that, if that motion
preferences set in a way
that allows it. Yeah. Interesting.
And so I would set
that just like I set
my, I do not track
in my browser. I mean,
it's a preference. I would
tell the browser, I get
vertigo. I get dizziness Actually
is system level setting for
iOS. And I don't know,
actually if it's on desktop,
but it's a system level
setting on iOS and now
iOS, Safari respects it. So
it's lovely to see all
the browsers are contributing something
special. That's very interesting. I
wonder, I know that there
is a play animations on
windows option on windows itself.
And I wonder if that
is then respected and then
it goes all the way
through the browser and at
this time. Okay. But certainly
could because it's a flag
and it just needs to
find its way through the
store. Exactly. I have high
hopes for that one because
it really does change the
usability of the web and
apps that are built on
top of web technologies. Yeah.
I definitely noticed the one
in iOS. That's like, you
know, use less motion. I
don't know if it uses
no motion, but it's like,
don't use the motion that's
going to have, give me,
give me vertigo. All right.
That's interesting. And that feeling
of vertigo is what we
call. I may have used
a word that some of
your audience members are like,
what is the stipular disorder?
It's a, it's a thing
where your vestibular system is
the thing that controls your
sense of balance. And when
it goes out of whack,
it involves your eyes. It
involves your ears, it and
falls a lot of different,
a lot of different parts
of things. And when it
gets a little out of
whack in any particular way,
everyone's is a little out
of whack in a different
way. If they're suffering from
a vestibular disorder, you can
feel vertigo from things like
parallax motion, where things and
in the foreground are moving
faster than things in the
background, which is very popular
in design right now. And
that can throw people at
odds. You know, they can
feel like they're going to
vomit because you know, something's
moving. Shouldn't be really not,
no, no disrespect to people
who have this, but as
someone who doesn't currently have
any, I've had vertigo in
the past, but I don't
have it right now. Is
this a big deal? Is
this like a, like, this
is an accessibility issue. Like
I want to make my
webs site work for the
blind, even though there's not
a whole ton of blind
people, there's a, certainly a
measurable, insignificant amount. And we
care about them. We want
to make our videos have
captioning for the hard of
hearing. But I don't think
that we're necessarily as familiar
with vestibular disorders as we
are blindness and deafness. Like
at what point at what
point do we go too
far? And when do we
stop? And when do we
start? Like, is this an
easy thing to do? That
is a great Dancing around
it. Like I'm I know
that I'm going to get
an email from someone with
a Vista reorder. That's like,
yes, it's totally real. But
I understand that, like, you
know, I don't eat cake
I'm diabetic. I get that.
Like, we want the web
to be accessible. Is it
just a matter of having
a flag? And then just
simply not animating the things
I would ordinarily animate? Well,
the media queries are a
way to do that, but
right now the problem is
that not everybody. Yeah. That
is to say everyone, but
Safari at this time, doesn't
support them. So your other
option is to do something
like what I did with
this project I did with
Mozilla back in the day
show off Firefox is excellent.
And ere still best-in-class web
animation tools. You should totally
check out dev tools, challenger.com.
This was such an exciting
project. It was a, we
had five weeks and there
were just five of us.
And I was like lead
creative director person and chasing
down awesome illustrators all over
Portland. We got these beautiful
deep sea fish, and it's
a tutorial for how to
use the tools, but you'll
notice that there's also a
call to action on the
page. It's like to turn
off the animation. It's right
there with the turn down
the sound option. So we
like to like to give
users options these days. I
think, I think what we
keep getting back to when
having these discussions around accessibility
and is there such a
thing as accessible by default?
And the truth is there's
no such thing as accessible
by default. We are all
on some continuum of different
abilities. Some us can see
better than we can here.
Some of us here better
than we can see. Some
of us get dizzy. When
we see things moving on
a page and for others
of us, it really helps
us figure out where things
are on the page. So
you can't just say, all
right, the computers are now
completely non visual because that
doesn't help the people who
have problems hearing you can't
say, well, we're going to
remove all the animation because
then we lose all the
cognitive benefits that animation confers
on people who don't have
the stipular disorders. So what
we're seeing as a trend
in app and web design
is giving users options. And
if there's no system level
setting that you can respect
for contrast, that's a great
feature, by the way, for
contrast or reduce motion preferences,
we try to offer it
in another way. I specifically
love it. When, when sites
offer, for instance, in their
user settings, like big corporate
or governmental sites and their
user settings, if they have
a box you can take
to use a font that's
designed specifically to help people
with dyslexia, read the screen.
It's not a font. That's
easy to read for people
who do not have dyslexia,
just Lexi. Yes. But for
those folks that do have
it, that's a major feature
boost, but you're not forcing
this on everybody. Cause there's
nothing that's perfect for everybody.
You're just giving people choice
in how they experienced the
way. Yeah. I'm going to
have to apologize for about
10 minutes ago when I
was talking about that, I
did not realize that when
you think about vestibular order
disorders, you're also thinking about
epilepsy, which I am familiar
with. And I understand that
there are people who have
had their epileptic seizures triggered
by, you know, something as
innocuous as, as an, as
an ad. Like you, you
just, you're deciding to read
the news and you go
to a page and then
suddenly there is suddenly there's
an advertisement. And then you're
having a seizure because someone
was thought, yeah. And this
unfortunately been used as a
weapon against some people on
Twitter. I've seen threads where
someone's being a horrible troll
to a person who's known
to have epilepsy and we'll
tweet triggering gifts at them
on purpose. And that that's
really sick. And yeah, no,
but epilepsy is not a
vestibular disorder. It's just another
one of those, those different
cognitive quirks that some people
have and some people don't
and you want to be
respectful of them. I would
say that epilepsy is a
very dangerous one because while
vertigo can make you feel
dizzy, you're unlikely to fall
over and die in the
street in front of oncoming
traffic because of vertigo. Unlikely,
didn't say it can't happen.
Just saying most cases of
a disorders are not that
extreme. Whereas epilepsy, when it
hits can have devastating consequences
in an, in an active
environment. How much of this
do you talk about in
book where you have the
chapters on human perception, animation?
Cause you go through how
the human visual system works
and kind of the cognitive
load of animation. We actually
save these for the last
chapter because it's a, the
last chapter of the book
is all about accessibility. And
I feel like accessibility is
a wonderful field of research
and people are constantly diving
deep and learning more and
more about, about how the
brain works. And a lot
of these things, we don't
even know that they're a
problem until they are, for
instance, iOS seven had a
zooming in and out animation
that they, the designers didn't
even realize that that would
be a problem because all
the people they tested on
were very positive. And, you
know, Hey, this animation helps
me see where my apps
are from. I'm one of
those people. And that, that
helped them find those apps.
Again, later it decreased their
cognitive load. They didn't have
to stop and think about
where those apps were because
it was reinforced every time
they accessed and exited it.
Now, what they didn't realize
was just a few weeks
after launch, there were all
these negative reports coming in
of people feeling dizzy and
you know, like trying to
pull back their installations because
they didn't like this animation.
So the iOS developers pushed
out that prefers, reduced motion
toggle as a immediate response
to their users needs. Interesting.
Okay. Do you, do you
put these toggles on all
of your sites? Like I'm
looking at your challenger one,
but I have to say,
I have not seen a
lot of those, huh? I
haven't either, but I think
my next site, I will
put it on there and
I'll also have, I will
also have the media query.
If I'll use a little
bit of JavaScript to detect,
if the media query isn't
supported, puts put this toggle
on the page somewhere On
your site at Rachael neighbors
and neighbors is N a,
B O R S. You
have a section called Alice
in video land. It's basically
an interactive storybook and it's
a couple of years old
now, isn't it? It is.
I made this for Adobe's
inspire a magazine back when
it was all about the
web. And this book was
from an era when flash
animation just wasn't being done.
And everyone was being, being
really into the moral type
of graphic, stateful, web, you
know, it all very beautiful
and magazine like unfortunately could
have looked more magazine. Like
now we have grid, come
back, everyone, try it again.
But anyway, I made this
to kind of prove that
you could have an interactive
storybook using CSS and Java
script only. And it would,
it would still work on
an iPad. It could look
really good. In fact. Yeah.
And it's been a while.
What I'm doing now is
I'm taking this site, which
has a lot of cruft
it, you know how you're
always looking back on the
projects you've done and you're
thinking I would do it
differently. Now I do that
all the time too. And
this one specifically, I have
some bones to pick on.
I'm giving a keynote at
JS Congress in Munich, in
November. It's going to be
right alongside people like my,
my favorite Lynn Clark. So
exciting. I want to show
how much faster and better
I can make the site
today. For instance, it's got
J query in there. It's
got modernizer, it's got, it's
using scroller, a JavaScript library
that causes parallax to happen.
It's also got another library
waypoints JS, which checks to
see I'm using it here
to change some classes, depending
on which, which part of
the book is in, in,
in viewport. And these were
some pretty heavy assets. And
they're not the most performant,
not the most performant for,
for scrolling or anything like
that. And we have new
API APIs. We have new
features in the browser that
completely negate. Most of them,
You are doing things in
this thing, in this, in
this website that feel like
modern. Like it's like this.
I don't know. I don't
know if the term is
scroll jacking, but as you
scroll things are happening, right.
I don't remember that. Yeah.
It's like very common. It's
common now. But when this
came out, that was not
something that was really widely
seen. At least it wasn't.
I didn't see it much
Was very popular when this
was first published way back
in the day, everyone wanted
to know how to do
parallax, which was what they
later came to call scroll
jacking. Pretty much anytime something
happens in accordance with the
user scroll, you'll hear it
referred to as scroll tracking
or parallax. Parallax is official
effect where it's something in
the foreground or a 2.5
D presentation moves faster than
things in the background. Things
moving at different rates, scroll
jacking is whenever you're using
the scroller to change or
changing the behavior of the
scroll bar, there may different
kinds, just like scroll triggering,
which is when something only
happens. When you scroll to
a certain point, other scroll
linking when maybe you've tied
the scroll bar to a
progression, like as you're scrolling
down the side of a
site, you might see, Oh,
you seen like, like when
you're reading an article and
as you scroll, there's a
bar at the top that
shows you how far away
from the end you are.
That's an example of scrolling
King. So it can be
used for both nefarious, evil
purposes. Like, you know, parallax,
he can't turn off that
makes some users sick and
it can also be used
for great purposes, like a
useful bar that shows you
how far you are through
a, through a book. But
in this case, it's really
touching the Dom a lot.
Scroller. The library is by
hand updating these different elements
with CSS properties, using a
scroll event listener. And it's
really not that efficient. Now
we've got some other things
that are much more efficient
and I'm looking forward to
showing people how they can
work. W like I'm looking
at Alice and her eyes
having like an idle animation
and she's sitting on a
park bench. And I think
maybe you are standing, sitting
next to her reading Java
script for designers. That is
not me. That is her
older sister. I only wish
I looked at that. Cool.
Okay. Are, are the, and
I notice that there's some
jQuery on the site. Are
you animating her eyes with
CSS or with JavaScript at
this point With CSS, the
bulk of the animations on
here are CSS driven. And
the only time I use
any JavaScript to drive animations
is when I'm changing classes
to change her mood as
she's falling down the rabbit
hole. And also for the
parallax effect where her descent
down the rabbit hole is
controlled by your scroll position.
Oh, okay. Cause I'm scrolling.
And like you say, the
background is going fast. It's
almost like gears on a,
on a bicycle where the,
you know, I'm moving my,
my scroll wheel at a
constant speed. She's at one
gear. And the background is
at a much, a much
lower gear. Right. And you'll
notice that she's also changing
as you scroll down. That's
because the class on her
container is changing. It's changing
her background position attribute. So
what I would do to
do that today is I
would be using intersection observer
to check, to see which,
which mood she should be
having instead of using waypoints,
which has to listen to
a bunch of scroll events.
Intersection observer is an interesting
API. It was created largely
because people wanted to optimize
the behavior of ads. But
of course the first thing
that was going to happen
was it was going to
be co-opted by creative coders
and interaction developers as well.
So it's very useful in
that regards. You just let
it tells you when two
elements on the screen have
intersected and you can use
it to listen for all
kinds of things. I've seen
it being used in systems
to check, to see when
something has fully loaded. I'm
using jQuery on here to
check to see when the
page is loaded, but I
could also use intersection observer
to just see when all
of the images have intersected
with the window. It I've
seen it being used also
to help with getting just
the, what is it, the
most important CSS that you'll
see, that's just above the
fold, the stuff that must
be loaded. First I've seen
intersection observer used in automated
systems to just find that
CSS set applies, and then
just spit that out separately
as a style sheet that
can be embedded in the
page for faster performance. So
forgive my ignorance on this
one here, but I see,
I see SVG in some
of the CSS where it's
like background URL, something, something
as Fiji. Yeah. I see
inline SVG where you can
actually see the points and
the data directly with the
array of the data points.
And then I also see
what I'm assuming is SVG
in a base 64 encoded
giant data, colon image islands.
So I have three different
ways to be doing SPG.
Is there a reason for
that You're paying attention? I
am sure I had my
reasons. I don't actually remember.
Where are you seeing the
basic city for? You gotta
tell me I haven't saw
a style dot CSS. Yeah.
I've gone to Alison video
land and I've clicked on
line 13 style that CSS.
And I see, I see
cups and I see saucers
and you know, it's a
nontrivial amount of basic Seaford
stuff. So now there's three
different ways to load your
SPG. There's inline in the
HTML. There's loaded in as
an external resource in the
CSS. And then there's basically
four in the CSS. So
I'm curious why that was.
And then more interestingly, how
you would do it in,
in, you know, today I
was probably using that because
I wanted to have the
loading cup and saucer right
there immediately before all the
other things had loaded. So
that was a part of
my most important CSS styles
that must be embedded on
the page. I would probably
do the same thing today,
but I would probably, like
I said, reference, I think
this is not in line.
I think this is still
in the CSS. I would
probably pop that out of
the external style sheet and
just directly embed that in
the header element so that
it would be there available
immediately. Oh, interesting. So then
it would, it would still
be in line, but it
would be in line in
the, in the HTML. It
would load even faster because
the HTML I say, so
right now the page Does
loading fast in the CSS
because it still didn't have
to wait for an SVG
to load. It was already
encoded in the CSS, but
I could make it even
faster by not waiting for
the CSS to load and
just having it right there
in the HTML. Very cool.
You know, I just, it's
so sad sometimes when you
go and view source on
a website and it's just
a mess of minified stuff,
it's fun to go and
look at a site like
this Alison video land and
view source and like go,
Oh, are they thinking interesting?
You can actually explore the
space. I kind of miss
the view sources I do
too. And you know, I
started working for myself about
five years ago. I don't
work for myself anymore. I
enjoy working for other people
from time to time. But
back I remember working for
myself. We still sometimes would
build sites like this. And
now we have so many
processes to optimize. We have
entire tooling pipelines to optimize
delivery. It's impressive. I mean,
it's great, but it's also,
I wish we would also
just build lighter weight sites
by default says a lady
who loves building interactive experiences
on her weekends. Absolutely. Well,
thanks so much for, for
talking with me today. Thank
you for having me. And
if any of your listeners
would like to learn more
about animation on the web,
I would love to invite
them to join the animation
at work Slack, Slack dot
animation@work.com got all kinds of
people of all levels of
skill. And we also have
a newsletter which you can
find at web animation, weekly.com.
Fantastic. I'm going to put
all of these links in
the show notes, and then
also remember the, the coupon
Hansel, H a N S
C L to get 10%
off the book. Fantastic. Thanks
so much. Thank you so
much for having me Scott
take care. This has been
another episode of Hanselminutes and
we'll see you again next
week.